Questions-
1)Git vs GitHub diff 
2)Git Init actually works
3)Indexing Session and Cookies
4)What are some alternatives of github? 
5)What are cookies and sessions?Explain their difference.
6)What is ReactJS and what happens when you change a state? Is it a library or framework?
7)What are components in reactjs?
8)What is virtual DOM in react?
9)What is JSX? How JSX is parsed into Javascript?
10)What is the use of Webpack? 
11) Suppose website is very fast and I'm willing to make it slow what actions could be taken?
12) What is CDN?How CDN works?
13) What is Indexing in Database? Do Indexing affect only fetching or it will affect insertion and updation also? 
14) How will you move a commit from one branch to another branch? 
15)What does git stash command do
16)Which website will be more faster the one built with javascript or the one built with react?
17) What actions could be taken to make a website faster
18)Where session data is get stored in backend servers?
19)Git stores all the data in which folder? 
20) How gitignore file works (kindly read this in detail)
21)How to verify a email? Which is the best method to verify the email client-based or server-based?
22)Will session work if we decline cookies
23)When reopening a website after closing it session made on that website get destroyed automatically and you need to login again. why so?
24)What is Github's cherry-pick command? 
25)What is DOM
26) What is encryption and decryption? What is hashing ?
27)What is the purpose of salting? 
28) How JWT works?
29)How symmetric and asymmetric algo works?
30)What is encryption and decryption? Different algos for encryption and hashing?
31)Can be there two computers with same public IP? 
32)How router assignes IP to computers? What happens when you hit a url when you are connected with a router? 
33)What if two computers connected with same router are assigned same IP address? 
34)Tell me the names of some servers you've used?
35)difference between js, java, jquery
36)how can we insert delay in the code of a website
37)JavaScript and React are Compiled or Interpreted languages ?
38) Can we use git without GitHub ?
39)what we use for password storing in database? 
40)How to design Captcha from scratch ?
41)Difference between Libary and framework?Is react a library or a framework?
42) Suppose your site is experiencing high traffic, causing lag. How would you manage it to reduce server load?
43) Lift use which data structure
44)About react life cycle
45)Which language is used in react?
46)What is event bubbling? How react re renders?
47)JavaScript var, const and let scope related questions. 
48) Difference between Cookies and Local Storage, and when we use them
49)Can two device can have same ip address? if yes, how?
50)private and public keys
51)Tell me CNS network layers
52)Have you used platforms similar to github ?
53)Tell me diff between hashing & encryption
54)Can you exclude nested files using .gitignore inside that folder ?
55)What is cookie and can you store passwords on it
56)Which is more efficient between JavaScript and jQuery
57)Javascript synchronous or asynchronous 
58)can we validate forms with html, css alone.
59)Encryption: Asymmetric encryption with example.
60)Is basic email registration through JavaScript sufficient for security purposes? What are the alternatives?
61) Explain horizontal and vertical scaling. 
62)In Linux, how can you check which process or application is consuming the most storage/memory and how can you remove it?
63) How do you terminate a running process? Which process is utilizing the most resources? 
64)What is a Docker volume? Differentiate between an image and a container in Docker. How would you take backups of your servers?
65)What are the different mail services and protocols and they work at which layer (OSI Model)
66)What is the session bean
67)Tell me about the Normalization in SQL.
68)Explain and draw box model of CSS
69)How you would access dom in Jquery,then how in JS?
70What is the minimal way to create a WordPress theme
71)How much minimum files required to build WordPress theme?
72)What are client side and server side validation?
73)Which is better React JS or Vue JS? Why?
74)First question was 'Have you retrieved more than 3200 tweets which is hard limit by Twitter?' 
75)How to export a contacts backup in csv format without user intervention?
76)Is there a way to tackle SQL Injection attack?
78)What are rainbow tables?
79)components of react js
80)Can we use GitHub without Git?
81)Where is all the Git data stored
82)Explanation of Gitignore.
83)what ia version control and git commands for version control.
84)Understanding Rainbow tables.





***second technical round(Scenario Based)*** 
1)How will you build a youtube like automatic video quality controller? 
Don't just read theory. Read how you can check network latency and how you will switch in between different quality of 
videos on the basis of network latency? Without using any javascript library.?How would implement the traversing in the video

2) How will you implement a OTP verification tool without using backend? 

3)Suppose there is an elevator and a person is standing on the 6th floor another person is 
standing on the 10th floor then how it will work and what can be the algo and data structure used in the working of elevator?

4)Whatsapp says one-to-one encryption ? how does that may happen? where it may happen on user's device or where msg is stored hashed in db ? 
Where it may get decrypted ?

5)if we want to set up image based captcha?how would you implement it.(without using DB).

6)Is there anything in JavaScript which can be done by JQuery and not by JavaScript